packages/cli/README.md, before:

# @1fe/cli

Command-line tools for building, developing, and validating widgets within the 1fe ecosystem.

To learn more about what cli has to offer, read through the reference [here](https://1fe.com/api-reference/1fe-cli-reference/)

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g @1fe/cli
# or
yarn global add @1fe/cli
```

## What is @1fe/cli?

The `@1fe/cli` package provides essential development tools for 1fe widgets:

- **Development server** with hot reloading
- **Production builds** optimized for deployment
- **Widget validation** and contract checking
- **Bundle analysis** and optimization

## Quick Start

### Development

```bash
# Start development server
1fe-cli dev
```

### Building

```bash
# Build for production
1fe-cli build
```

## Related Packages

- **[@1fe/shell](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@1fe/shell)** - Application shell and platform utilities
- **[@1fe/server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@1fe/server)** - Express server for 1fe instances

## License

MIT © Docusign Inc.

Commit message:

Add authentic 1FE logos, badges, keywords and descriptions to all packages (#97)
- Add local 1FE logo SVG to each package assets folder
- Add professional badges (npm version, MIT license, community)
- Add SEO keywords for npm discoverability
- Add descriptive package descriptions
- Fix badge links to point to npm package pages
- Create changeset for patch version bumps
- Update documentation links and add community sections

packages/cli/README.md, after:

![1FE Logo](./assets/1fe-logo.svg)

# @1fe/cli

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/@1fe%2Fcli.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@1fe/cli) [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) [![Join the community](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20the%20community-1fe.com-blue)](https://1fe.com)

Command-line tools for building, developing, and validating widgets within the 1fe ecosystem.

To learn more about what cli has to offer, read through the reference [here](https://1fe.com/reference/1fe-config-reference/)

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g @1fe/cli
# or
yarn global add @1fe/cli
```

## What is @1fe/cli?

The `@1fe/cli` package provides essential development tools for 1fe widgets:

- **Development server** with hot reloading
- **Production builds** optimized for deployment
- **Widget validation** and contract checking
- **Bundle analysis** and optimization

## Quick Start

### Development

```bash
# Start development server
1fe-cli dev
```

### Building

```bash
# Build for production
1fe-cli build
```

## Related Packages

- **[@1fe/shell](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@1fe/shell)** - Application shell and platform utilities
- **[@1fe/server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@1fe/server)** - Express server for 1fe instances

## Community

If you have questions or want to discuss this project, please visit the [Issues](https://github.com/docusign/1fe/issues) or [Discussions](https://github.com/docusign/1fe/discussions) pages in our monorepo.

## License

MIT © Docusign Inc.
